-- Bracelets (category_id = 1)
INSERT INTO products (name, image_name, description, image_path, price, category_id) VALUES
('Dreamy Starlight Bracelet', 'b1.jpg', 'Delicate and enchanting, the Dreamy Starlight Bracelet is a celestial-inspired piece that captures the soft glow of a starry night. Featuring tiny star charms and shimmering accents along a fine gold-plated chain, it wraps your wrist in a touch of wonder and grace. Perfect for dreamers, stargazers, and lovers of quiet elegance.
', '/product_images/b1.jpg', '79', '1'),
('Golden Pearls Bracelet', 'b2.jpg', 'Timeless and elegant, the Golden Pearls Bracelet combines the soft luster of pearls with the rich glow of gold. Featuring lustrous pearl beads delicately linked with gold accents, this bracelet exudes classic charm and sophistication. Whether worn alone or layered, it adds a touch of graceful beauty to any ensemble.
', '/product_images/b2.jpg', '64', '1'),
('Gold Snake Chain Bracelet', 'b3.jpg', 'Sleek, sensual, and undeniably sophisticated — the Golden Snake Chain Bracelet is a timeless piece designed to drape gracefully around your wrist like liquid gold. Crafted with a smooth, flexible snake-link design, it captures the essence of bold minimalism and quiet luxury. The way it catches the light with every movement gives it an almost hypnotic shimmer, making it perfect for both elevated everyday looks and refined evening wear.', '/product_images/b3.jpg', '84', '1'),
('Bangled Chain Bracelet ', 'b4.jpg', 'Boldly elegant and richly textured, the Gold Bangled Chain Bracelet blends the timeless beauty of bangles with the fluidity of chain design. Featuring interlocking gold-plated links paired with solid bangle-style curves, this piece strikes the perfect balance between structure and movement. Each element gleams with a high-polish finish, wrapping your wrist in warmth, luxury, and confident style.', '/product_images/b4.jpg', '77', '1'),
('Sleek White Pearl Bracelet', 'b5.jpg', 'A timeless blend of elegance and modern minimalism, this sleek white pearl bracelet features lustrous, hand-picked pearls strung seamlessly along a delicate band. The smooth, radiant pearls offer a graceful shimmer, perfect for both everyday sophistication and special occasions. Understated yet luxurious, it adds a refined touch to any ensemble.', '/product_images/b5.jpg', '92', '1'),
('Daisy Dazzle Bracelet', 'b6.jpg', 'Bright, playful, and effortlessly charming — the Daisy Dazzle Bracelet captures the essence of springtime joy. Adorned with delicate daisy motifs and shimmering accents, this bracelet adds a fresh pop of floral elegance to your wrist. Whether worn solo or layered, it's the perfect accessory to dazzle with a touch of nature-inspired beauty.
', '/product_images/b6.jpg', '105', '1');